Mark Zuckerberg breaks his silence on Cambridge Analytica scandal
Mark Zuckerberg is finally breaking his silence about a data scandal engulfed Facebook.
Mark Zuckerberg to face questions in CNN interview exclusive
Five days after a data scandal first upended Facebook, CEO Mark Zuckerberg is set to give a rare interview with CNN's Laurie Segall.
Mark Zuckerberg responds to data scandal: Live updates
Mark Zuckerberg is responding to the fallout following the revelation that Cambridge Analytica improperly accessed the personal data of 50 million Facebook users.
Scientist at center of data controversy says Facebook is making him a scapegoat
Aleksandr Kogan, the data scientist whose work is at the center of the controversy currently engulfing Facebook and Cambridge Analytica, spoke out in exclusive interviews with CNN.
Scientist: Didn't know data used to target voters - CNN Video
The data scientist, Aleksandr Kogan, who gathered info on millions of Americans for Cambridge Analytica, the controversial data firm that worked for Trump's presidential campaign, says he didn't know what they would do with the Facebook user data he collected.
Facebook's data scandal: Key names to know
Facebook is facing tough questions over how data on its users was obtained by a political data firm called Cambridge Analytica.
Your guide to Cambridge Analytica
A quick guide to the controversial company everyone's been talking about.
I ditched Facebook in 2013, and it's been fine
Leaving the social network behind lets you live life free of the constant psychological abuse inflicted by companies that mean to undermine your social relationships, and governments that mean to undermine your faith in democracy, government and human nature, Douglas Rushkoff says.
Kelly furious over leak of warning to Trump to not congratulate Putin
White House chief of staff John Kelly is furious about the quick leak of a warning to President Donald Trump to not congratulate his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin for his re-election, a White House official said.
The real problem for Donald Trump in the 'DO NOT CONGRATULATE' story
The fact that President Donald Trump either didn't read or ignored a warning in his briefing papers not to congratulate Russian President Vladimir Putin on a phone call between the two men Tuesday is a sexy story. But, it is not the real story here.
CNN Poll: 42% approve of Trump, highest in 11 months
President Donald Trump's approval rating has rebounded to its highest level since the 100-day mark of his presidency, according to a new CNN poll conducted by SSRS, even as his approval ratings for handling major issues remain largely negative.
Trump: We have largest trade deficit in world - CNN Video
President Trump announces new tariffs against China.
CNN Key Races: A new opportunity for Democrats in Pennsylvania
Republican Rep. Ryan Costello's weekend announcement that he won't seek re-election in Pennsylvania makes the 6th District seat in the Philadelphia suburbs look like even more favorable ground for Democrats.
What you need to know right now about the 2018 midterm elections
The 2018 midterm playing field is tipping towards Democrats big time, according to the latest CNN reporting.
Trump signs spending bill despite veto threat - CNN Video
President Donald Trump signed a $1.3 trillion spending bill to keep the federal government open through September, after threatening to veto. CNN's Kaitlan Collins reports.
The Republican President who really made America great
Both Donald Trump and Dwight Eisenhower ran for office as Republicans and novice politicians, says William I. Hitchcock. But while Ike's discipline made mid-century America into a global powerhouse, Trump's chaos threatens to leave it weakened and adrift.
White House announces policy to ban most transgender people from serving in military
The White House on Friday announced a policy to ban most transgender people from serving in the US military.
Sources: Zinke tells employees diversity isn't important
Several employees at the Interior Department have told CNN that Secretary Ryan Zinke repeatedly says that he won't focus on diversity
Stormy Daniels sues Trump lawyer Michael Cohen for defamation
Porn star Stormy Daniels filed a lawsuit for defamation on Monday against President Donald Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen.
Stormy Daniels: 'I have no reason to lie' - CNN Video
In her first televised interview, Stormy Daniels appeared on CBS' 60 Minutes to discuss her alleged affair with President Donald Trump.
Stormy Daniels' lawyer seeks to depose Cohen and Trump
Stormy Daniels' attorney Michael Avenatti has filed a motion in federal court seeking to depose President Donald Trump and his lawyer Michael Cohen to ask about a $130,000 payout before the 2016 election.
Michael Cohen -- Trump's loyal fixer
He's known as the President's longtime personal attorney. But he has been called Donald Trump's Capo. His mini-me. His pitbull.
Stormy Daniels says she was threatened to keep quiet about Trump
In her first extended television news interview since the news of her alleged 2006 affair with Donald Trump emerged, adult film actress Stormy Daniels declined to discuss whether she had evidence of the affair and said that she was threatened to stay silent about it.
S.E. Cupp to Melania: Don't be like Hillary - CNN Video
HLN host S.E. Cupp addresses Melania Trump amid Stormy Daniel's allegations against President Donald Trump, advising Melania to leave her "jerk of a husband."
Cooper: Why is Trump silent on Stormy Daniels? - CNN Video
CNN's Anderson Cooper breaks down President Trump's uncharacteristic silence in response to Stormy Daniels' allegations.
Why dismissing Stormy Daniels' story would be a mistake
Carol Costello writes that if the alleged affairs with Trump are true, the President could be contributing to the decline in young people's belief in marriage.
Santorum walks back CPR comment in guns debate
Rick Santorum clarified a remark about CPR and gun control on CNN's "New Day" Wednesday morning.
Trump defends Second Amendment after Stevens' op-ed
President Donald Trump responded to retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens on Wednesday over a recent op-ed in which the retired justice called for a repeal of the Second Amendment.
Santorum: Evangelicals forgive Trump for sins - CNN Video
Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-PA) says Christians on the right look at how someone elected to hold office, like President Trump, behaves on the issues that person was elected to deal with.
Joe Arpaio suggests he'd revive 'birther' theory if elected to Senate
Republican Senate candidate and former Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio suggested that he would revive the debunked claim that President Barack Obama's birth certificate is fraudulent if he's elected to the Senate.
Comey paints unsparing portrait of Trump in devastating tell-all book
It is nothing less than the most devastating, contemporaneous takedown of a sitting president in modern history.
James Comey just went to war with Donald Trump
No one -- probably not even Donald Trump -- expected former FBI Director James Comey's memoir about his life and times with the President who fired him was going to be a fun read for the man who calls 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue home.
Trump raised 'golden showers thing' with Comey
Former FBI Director James Comey wrote in his book that President Donald Trump discussed looking into one of the most infamous allegations in a dossier of claims about Trump and Russia.
Report: Obama reassured Comey after election amid email probe controversy
Then-President Barack Obama reassured then-FBI Director James Comey of his support after the 2016 election during a private meeting in the Oval Office, Comey writes in his upcoming book, according to The Washington Post.
Rep. Heck to Trump: Resign, it will get worse - CNN Video
Rep. Denny Heck (D-WA) says President Donald Trump should consider resigning because it's "becoming not a question if there was a crime, but how many."
Comey slams 'the forest fire that is the Trump presidency' in book
James Comey's upcoming book burst into public view Thursday evening, offering a remarkable look into the former FBI director's relationship with President Donald Trump.
The effort to discredit Comey's book is fascinating
As armchair pundits come out of the woodwork to hold forth on investigations they know nothing about, the GOP "party of law enforcement" is also now using its precious resources to attack the former head of the nation's premiere law enforcement agency. Let that sink in, writes Josh Campbell.
Trump's lawyers pull back proposal for President to talk to Mueller
The FBI raid of the office of President Donald Trump's attorney caused the President's team to back off presenting a proposal they were preparing for special counsel Robert Mueller about an interview with the President, according to sources familiar with the matter. Trump's legal team is now re-evaluating what, if any, interview the President should offer.
Lemon shuts down panelist over Russia comments - CNN Video
CNN's Don Lemon discusses the coverage of Robert Mueller's Russia investigation on conservative media outlets.
Republican voters are turning against the Mueller probe
Six months ago, Republican voters were almost evenly split on whether special counsel Robert Mueller was conducting a fair investigation into potential links between President Donald Trump's campaign and the Russian government.
Comey paints unsparing portrait of Trump in devastating tell-all book
It is nothing less than the most devastating, contemporaneous takedown of a sitting president in modern history.
James Comey just went to war with Donald Trump
No one -- probably not even Donald Trump -- expected former FBI Director James Comey's memoir about his life and times with the President who fired him was going to be a fun read for the man who calls 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue home.
Trump calls Comey an 'untruthful slime ball' - CNN Video
President Trump tweets his reaction to the details from former FBI director James Comey's memoir, calling him a leaker, liar and an "untruthful slime ball."
The effort to discredit Comey's book is fascinating
As armchair pundits come out of the woodwork to hold forth on investigations they know nothing about, the GOP "party of law enforcement" is also now using its precious resources to attack the former head of the nation's premiere law enforcement agency. Let that sink in, writes Josh Campbell.
Comey: Briefing Trump felt like out-of-body experience - CNN Video
In an interview with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos, former FBI Director James Comey said briefing incoming President Trump felt like an out-of-body experience.
Trump raised 'golden showers thing' with Comey
Former FBI Director James Comey wrote in his book that President Donald Trump discussed looking into one of the most infamous allegations in a dossier of claims about Trump and Russia.
Comey: 'I don't know' if Trump was with prostitutes in Moscow
Former FBI Director James Comey says he's unsure if he believes President Donald Trump's denial that he interacted with prostitutes during a trip to Russia in 2013.
Trump's lawyers pull back proposal for President to talk to Mueller
The FBI raid of the office of President Donald Trump's attorney caused the President's team to back off presenting a proposal they were preparing for special counsel Robert Mueller about an interview with the President, according to sources familiar with the matter. Trump's legal team is now re-evaluating what, if any, interview the President should offer.
Lemon shuts down panelist over Russia comments - CNN Video
CNN's Don Lemon discusses the coverage of Robert Mueller's Russia investigation on conservative media outlets.
Republican voters are turning against the Mueller probe
Six months ago, Republican voters were almost evenly split on whether special counsel Robert Mueller was conducting a fair investigation into potential links between President Donald Trump's campaign and the Russian government.
